Project Progress Report (10% of course
grade)
Total: 100 points
Focus: “Can you build and run your system?”

1. Core Pipeline Implementation — 25 pts
Substantial implementation progress (~50% or more of pipeline working end-to-end).

2. Running Demo (Required) — 25 pts
Clear demonstration of the pipeline working (even in overfitting / controlled setting). Note that
you may show results on training/validation cases and discuss appropriate steps you need to
take to extend it to a wider setting such as industrial setting or out-of-domain setting for the final
project demos. Must show a working system even if it is on a tiny dataset, partially complete etc.

3. Baseline Implementation — 15 pts
At least one naive / zero-shot / simple baseline implemented for comparison. Clearly state
what you used as your initial baseline and how you built upon it, what features you added and
what is the performance improvement of these added features.

4. Preliminary Results — 15 pts
Initial qualitative and/or quantitative outputs from both method and baseline.

5. Debugging & Engineering Effort — 10 pts
Evidence of meaningful engineering progress (data processing, training setup, fixes, etc.). What
challenges occured along the way and how you mitigated them to make the pipeline work.

6. Initial Analysis — 5 pts
Basic discussion of what is working, failing, and why. What features still need to be implemented
and how you will achieve those.

7. Remaining Work Plan — 5 pts
Concrete next steps toward a complete system (no repetition of proposal content).

Final Project Report (10% of course grade)
Total: 120 points
Focus: “Does your method work, and do you understand it?”

1. Final Method & System Design — 10 pts
Clear, refined pipeline with improvements over baselines as detailed in the initial proposal.

2. Implementation Completeness — 10 pts
Fully working system with all major components integrated. A final system demo either offline or
online is to be shown in the presentation.

3. Quantitative Evaluation — 15 pts
Comparison against at least one baseline with clear metrics and tables.

4. Qualitative Results — 15 pts
Visual evidence demonstrating strengths/weaknesses of the method when compared against
the baselines i.e. where the method succeeds but baseline fails.

5. Ablation Study and comparative analysis — 15 pts
At least 3 meaningful ablations (e.g., components, losses, design choices). Clear explanation
of where your method works and where baselines fail.

6. Failure Cases & Limitations — 5 pts
Honest discussion of weaknesses and edge cases.

7. Clarity & Organization — 10 pts
Well-structured, readable, research-style report with pipeline, qualitative figures, appropriate
tables etc. Must not extend 6 double-column CVPR style format. Final report should be in CVPR
style format.

8. Final Presentation — 20 pts
Well-structured final presentation summarizing all key aspects of the projects above.

8. Working Inference Code — 20 pts
Submit a final working inference code with clear instructions on how to setup, run the code,
what checkpoints to download and how to get evaluation metrics.

